Let’s look at some numbers and predictions that help us see the scale cloud is predicted to achieve in the coming years.

Gartner predicts: The worldwide public cloud service market to grow from $182.4 B in 2018 to $331.2 B in 2022, attaining a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 12.6%.

Spending on Infrastructure-as-a-Service to increase from $30.5 B in 2018 to $76.6 B in 2022, growing 27.5% in a year.

Platform-as-a-Service spending to grow from $15.6 B in 2018 to $31.8B 2022, growing 21.8% in a year.

With software investments shifting from cloud-first to cloud-only, spending on Sofware-as-a-Service is expected to grow from $80 B in 2018 to $143.7 B in 2022.

What is clear is that cloud is accelerating faster than predicted, adoption is high, and revenues are soaring.

> The question for businesses today is no longer “if” they need to adopt the cloud, rather “what” their cloud adoption strategy should be to best serve their businesses and customers.
> 고객에게 가장 적합한 클라우드 채택 전략이 "무엇"이어야 하는가"

### Keeping up with this technological wave, and driving it forward, are the Cloud Service Providers with a wide range of services.

We will now talk about some of the major **Cloud Service Providers** in alphabetical order.

1. 알리바바
   고객의 온라인 비즈니스 + 알리바바 그룹 자체 전자상거래 생태계 강화
   Alibaba Cloud, also known as Aliyun, while relatively new, is the largest Chinese cloud computing service provider. 
   
   Aliyun provides a comprehensive suite of global cloud computing services to power not just their customers’ online businesses but also the Alibaba Group’s own e-commerce ecosystem. 
   
   It offers a host of products and services such as **compute, network, storage, security, monitoring and managing, communication, analytics, IoT, application development, data migration, web hosting, and more.**


2. AWS
   개인, 회사 및 정부에게 다양한 인프라 및 플랫폼 서비스를 계량화된 종량제 방식으로 제공
   One of the first to enter the cloud computing space, Amazon Web Services, or AWS Cloud, offers an extensive range of Infrastructure and Platform services to individuals, companies, and governments on a metered pay-as-you-go basis.
   
   The Amazon Cloud provides a wide range of products, services, and solutions ranging from **Compute, DevOps, Data, Analytics, IoT, Machine Learning, Networking, Content Delivery, Robotics, Serverless Computing, and much more.**
   서버리스 컴퓨팅 환경 제공

3. 구글 
   구글 검색과 유튜브 같은 최종 사용자 제품에 내부적으로 사용
   Google Cloud Platform, or GCP, is a suite of cloud computing services, providing Infrastructure, Platform, and Serverless Computing environments.
   
   Google also uses GCP internally for their end-user products such as Google Search and YouTube.
   
   Google Cloud includes G Suite with products for communication, productivity, collaboration, storage, and more.
   
   The Google App Engine is a platform for developing and hosting web applications in Google-managed data centers, automatically allocating and de-allocating resources to handle demand.

4. IBM
   퍼블릭, 프라이빗, 하이브리드 환경을 포괄하는 전체 스택 클라우드 플랫폼
   IBM cloud is a full stack cloud platform that spans public, private, and hybrid environments with products and services covering compute, network, storage, management, security, DevOps, and databases.
   
   Some of their prominent offerings include their Bare Metal Servers, VMWare, Cloud Paks for Application Modernization, Virtual Private Cloud, and the suite of emerging technologies such as AI, IoT, Blockchain, Data and Analytics.
   레드햇 인수로 하이브리드 클라우드 공급업체
   With the acquisition of Red Hat, IBM is also positioning itself as the leading hybrid cloud provider of our times.

5. 애저
   마소에서 관리하는 데이타 센터를 통해
   애플리케이션 및 서비스 구축,테스트, 배포 및 관리
   Microsoft Azure is a flexible cloud platform for building, testing, deploying, and managing applications and services through Microsoft-managed data centers.
   
   With its data centers spread out in many regions, Azure provides a global reach with a local presence.
   
   It provides Software, Platform, and Infrastructure services supporting Microsoft-specific and third-party languages, tools, and frameworks.

6. 오라클 
   Oracle Cloud is primarily known for Software as a Service and Database as a Service (also known as the Oracle Data Cloud).
   
   Oracle’s SaaS offering includes wide-ranging applications such as ERP, SCM, HCM, Marketing, Sales, and CX running in the cloud.
   
   And the Oracle Data Cloud provides one of the largest cloud-based data management platforms helping customers personalize their online, offline, and mobile marketing campaigns, for targeted audiences. 
   
   Oracle Cloud also provides some cloud Infrastructure and Platform services.

7. 세일즈포스 
   고객 관계 간리에 중점,
   기업의 고객, 파트너 및 잠재 고객과의 연결을 지원
   Salesforce specializes in their Software as a Service offering that focuses on customer relationship management, supporting businesses to better connect with their customers, partners, and potential customers.
   
   Salesforce offers multiple cloud services such as Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, and Marketing Cloud, helping customers track analytics in real-time, customer success and support, customer complaints, even listening in to customers across social platforms to automatically route them to appropriate agents for resolution.
    Sales Cloud, Service Cloud 및 Marketing Cloud와 같은 여러 클라우드 서비스를 제공하여 고객이 실시간으로 분석을 추적하고, 고객의 성공과 지원, 고객 불만 사항, 심지어 소셜 플랫폼 전반에 걸쳐 고객의 의견을 청취하여 문제를 해결할 수 있는 적절한 에이전트에 자동으로 전달할 수 있도록 지원합니다.
   
   SAP is known for Enterprise software and applications such as ERP, CRM, HR, and Finance, running in the cloud.