
## Platform-as-a-Service, 
commonly referred to as “PaaS,” is a cloud computing model that provides customers a complete platform— hardware, software, and infrastructure—to develop, deploy, manage, and run applications created by them or acquired from a third-party.
고객이 생성하거나 타사로부터 취득한 앱 개발,구축,관리 및 실행 ㅇㅇ
​

 The PaaS provider hosts everything—servers, networks, storage, operating system, application runtimes, APIs, middleware, databases, and other tools—at their data center.

The provider also takes responsibility for the installation, configuration, and operation of the application infrastructure, leaving the user responsible for only the application code and its maintenance.

user는 앱의 코드, 보수유지에만 신경 쓰게 하고 provider가 인프라 스트럭쳐를 모두 관리한다.

 Customers pay for this service on a usage basis and purchase resources on-demand.
사용량에 따라 비용 지불, 필요에 따라 리소스 구입.

​

> With IaaS, the cloud provider offers access to ‘raw’ computing resources, such as servers, storage, and networking,  while the user is responsible for the platform and application software.

IaaS의 경우에는 raw 컴퓨팅 리소스를 제공받아 사용한다.
유저는 플랫폼과 앱 소프트웨어를 책임진다

> With PaaS, the cloud service provider delivers and manages the entire platform infrastructure, abstracting users from the lower-level details of the environment.


Let’s look at some essential characteristics of Platform-as-a-Service:

​

PaaS clouds are distinguished by the high level of abstraction they provide to the users, eliminating the complexity of deploying applications, configuring infrastructure,  and provisioning and configuring supporting technologies like load balancers and databases.

PaaS 클라우드는 사용자에게 제공하는 높은 수준의 추상화로 구분되며, 애플리케이션 배포, 인프라 구성, 로드 밸런서 및 데이터베이스와 같은 지원 기술 프로비저닝 및 구성의 **복잡성을 제거**한다.

​

PaaS clouds provide services and APIs that help simplify the job of developers in delivering elastically scalable and highly available cloud applications.

These services typically include a variety of capabilities such as APIs for distributed caching, queuing and messaging, file and data storage, workload management, user identity, and analytics, thus eliminating the need to integrate disparate components.

​

The PaaS runtime environment executes end-user code according to policies set by the application owner and cloud provider.

Many of the PaaS offerings provide developers with rapid deployment mechanisms, or **“push and run” mechanism**, for deploying and running applications.
​

> PaaS offerings support a range of application infrastructure (or middleware) capabilities, 
-  such as application servers,
-  database management systems, 
-  business analytics services, 
-  mobile back-end services, 
-  integration services, 
-  business process management systems, 
-  rules engines, 
-  and complex event processing systems.

​

Such an application infrastructure assists developers by reducing the amount of code that must be written while expanding the application’s functional capabilities.

The most important use case for PaaS is strategic—build, test, deploy, enhance, and scale applications rapidly and cost-effectively.

​Let’s look at some more use cases for PaaS: 

### API development and management: 
    Organizations are using PaaS to develop, run, manage, and secure APIs and microservices, which are loosely coupled, independently deployable components and services.

### Internet of Things, or IoT: 
    PaaS clouds support a broad range of application environments, programming languages, and tools used for IoT deployments.

## Business analytics/intelligence: 
    PaaS tools allow organizations to analyze their data to find business insights that enable more informed business decisions and predictions.

## Business Process Management, or BPM: 
    Organizations are using the PaaS cloud to access BPM platform delivered as a service.

## Master data management, or MDM: 
    Organizations are leveraging the PaaS cloud to provide a single point of reference for critical business data such as information about customer transactions and analytical data to support decision making.

​

## some advantages of using PaaS: 

> Scalability, 
made possible because of the rapid allocation and deallocation of resources with a pay-as-you-use model offered by PaaS.

> The APIs, support services, and middleware capabilities that PaaS clouds provide assist developers in focusing their efforts on application development and testing, resulting in faster time to market for their products and services.

> Middleware capabilities also reduce the amount of code that needs to be written while expanding the application’s functional capabilities.

> Greater agility and innovation because using PaaS platforms means that you can experiment with multiple operating systems, languages, and tools without having to invest in these resources.

You can evaluate and prototype ideas with very low risk exposure resulting in faster,easier, less-risky adoption of a wider range of resources.

