## Software-as-a-Service, 
is a cloud offering that provides users with access to a service provider’s cloud-based software.

 > SaaS providers maintain the servers, databases, and code that constitute an application. They also manage access to the application, including security, availability, and performance.

Applications reside on a remote cloud network, and users use these applications without having to maintain and update the infrastructure.

ex) 
    Microsoft's Office 365 and Google's Gmail, NetSuite CRM and Salesforce, 
    Human Resource Management via services from Workday and SAP SuccessFactors, financial management, billing and collaboration, and many more.


### SaaS clouds have a multitenant architecture.

Infrastructure and code are maintained centrally and accessed by all users.

SaaS makes it easy for users to manage privileges, 
monitor data use, 
and ensure everyone sees the same information at the same time.
Security, 
compliance, 
and maintenance are all part of the offering.

Users can customize applications to fit their business processes with point-and-click ease.

Users **can customize the UI** to work with their branding guidelines;  they can modify data fields and enable or disable features within the business process.

These customizations are preserved through upgrades.

Users pay for the use of the services via a **subscription model.**

The use of resources **can be scaled** easily, depending on service needs.

​

### Key benefits of adopting SaaS: 
Businesses can directly procure (조달하다) solutions **without upfront capital and assistance** from IT, greatly reducing the time from decision to value from months to days.
초기 자본, 지원 없이도 솔루션을 조달 할 수 있으므로
실현 시간 단축이 가능 -> 생산성, 효율성

SaaS greatly increases workforce productivity and efficiency.

Users can access core business apps from wherever they; they can also buy and deploy apps in minutes reducing the typical obstacles enterprises have to to test the products they they might use.

Using SaaS applications, individuals and small enterprises can spread out their software costs over time.

비용,시간 절감 / 효율성 극대화 / 유저의 접근 효용성 업

​

​


Organizations are moving to SaaS for their core business needs as part of their strategic transformation to reduce on-premises IT infrastructure and reduce capital expenditure.

Oragnzaitions are leveraging SaaS to avoid the need for ongoing upgrades, maintenance, and patching, done traditionally by internal IT resources; applications run reliably with minimal input, for example, email servers and office collaboration and productivity tools.

Organizations are increasingly opting for SaaS eCommerce Platforms to ​manage their websites,marketing, sales, and operations.

With SaaS, organizations are able to take advantage of ​the resilience and business continuity of the cloud provider.

Enterprises are now developing SaaS integration platforms (or SIPs) for building additional SaaS applications, moving SaaS beyond standalone software functionality to a platform for mission-critical

applications.

​

### SaaS does evoke some concerns.

Primary among them being data ownership and data safety.
데이터 소유권, 안전. 

Security is an important consideration when you’re allowing a third-party to maintain business-critical data.

And application access relies on a good internet connection​—if you’re not connected, you cannot access the apps.
인터넷 연결 환경
