### virtualization. 

As you know virtualization is a fairly old
technology, but it's still super relevant to building our cloud computing strategy
today. So, first off, what is virtualization? Simply put, virtualization
is the process of creating a software based, or virtual, version of something,
whether that be compute, storage, networking, servers, or applications. And
what makes virtualization feasible, is something called the hypervisor. We're
going to write that here. What a hypervisor is, is it's simply a piece of
software that runs above the physical server, or host. And there are a couple
different types of hypervisors out there. What they do is essentially pull the
resources from the physical server and allocate them to your virtual
environments. There are two main types of hypervisors out there. One being Type 1.
Very simple to remember. And 2, you guessed it, Type 2. So let's start
with Type 1. A Type 1 hypervisor is a hypervisor that
is installed directly on top of the physical server. They're also called
bare-metal hypervisors. So we'll write that up here. Remember these are the most
frequently typed of use hypervisors and they're most secure, they lower the
latency, and these are the ones that you'll see in the market the most. Some
examples would be VMware, ESXi, or Microsoft Hyper-v, or even open-source
KVM. The other type of hypervisor is a Type 2 hypervisor, over here. And what
makes these different is that there is a layer of host OS that sits between the
physical server and the hypervisor. By that nature they are also called, Hosted.
Hhese are a lot less frequent. They're mostly used for end-user virtualization.
You might see some in the market that are called: Oracle, VirtualBox,
or VMware Workstation. Again, they're a lot less frequent. They're a bit more...
They have a higher latency than a Type 1 hypervisor. So once you have your
hypervisor installed, you can build virtual environments, or virtual machines,
or simply put, VMs. So let's spin up some environments.
What makes a VM a VM? A VM is simply a software based computer. They're run like
a physical computer. They have an operating system and applications, and
they're completely independent of one another, but you can run multiple of them
on a hypervisor. And the hypervisor manages the resources that are allocated
to these virtual environments from the physical server. Because they're
independent you can run different operating systems on different virtual
machines. You could run Windows here, or Linux here, or UNIX here for example.
Because they're independent they're also extremely portable. You can move a
virtual machine from one hypervisor to another hypervisor on a completely
different machine almost instantaneously, which gives you a lot of
flexibility and a lot of portability within your environment. So looking at
all of this - this is the core virtualization as a process. So let's
talk about a couple key benefits that you want to take away from this. 1) Cost
savings.
When you think about this and the fact that you can run multiple virtual
environments from one piece of infrastructure, means that you can
drastically reduce your physical infrastructure footprint. This is
consolidation at its core. And the fact that you don't have to maintain nearly
as many servers, run as much electricity, save on maintenance costs, means that you
save on your bottom line at the end of the day. 2) Would
be agility and speed. Like I said, spinning up a virtual machine is
relatively easy and quick - a lot more simple than provisioning an entire new
environment for your developers if they say they want to spin up a new
environment so that they can run a test scenario. Whatever it might be,
virtualization makes that process a lot simpler and quicker. And 3) lowers
your downtime.
Let's say that this host goes out unexpectedly. The fact that you can move
virtual machines from one hypervisor to another, on a different physical server,
means that you have a great backup plan in place. Right? So, if this host goes down
you can simply move your VMs very quickly to another hypervisor on a
machine that is working. Virtualization and VMs are at the center of cloud
computing and provide many benefits. In the next video, we will discuss the types
of virtual machines.
