### 클라우드 스토리지
    Cloud storage is where you save data and files in the cloud.

1) 컴퓨팅 노드에 연결되어 있어야 엑세스 할 수 있는 스토리지와
2) 공용 인터넷을 통해 직접 액세스 가능한 스토리지

> Cloud providers 는 스토리지 및 관련 인프라를 host, secure, manage, 또 maintain하고 필요할 때 데이터에 엑세스 할 수 있는 인프라를 제공한다. 


- Cloud storage usually on a ‘per gigabyte’ basis.(기가바이트 당 단위)
- the faster the read / write speed  읽기/ 쓰기가 더 빠르고 of the storage, the higher the per gigabyte cost. 기가바이트 당 더 비싸다

클라우드 스토리지를 사용하는 업체는 전기 사용량의 70%를 절약 가능


Cloud storage 4가지 타입 – **Direct Attached, File Storage, Block Storage and Object Storage.**

1) Direct Attached storage 
    sometimes referred to as ‘Local Storage’ - is storage which is presented directly to a cloud-based server and is effectively either within the host server chassis or within the same rack. This storage is fast and normally only used to store a server’s operating system, although it can have other use cases.The main two reasons why direct attached storage is not so great for other uses besides to store the operating system is that it’s typically ‘Ephemeral’ – meaning that it only lasts as long at the compute resource it’s attached to – it
cannot be shared with other nodes and while you can use RAID techniques, it’s not as
resilient to failure as other types of storage.

2) File storage 
   is typically presented to compute nodes as ‘NFS Storage’.
    NFS stands for Network File System and means that the storage is connected to compute nodes
    over a standard ethernet network.
    NFS-mounted storage is common-place but it tends to be slower than either direct-attached
    storage or block storage because the data travels over an ethernet network.
    It also tends to be lower cost than either direct attached or block storage.
    One advantage of File Storage is that it can be mounted or used on multiple servers at
    once.
    File-based storage is a simple, straightforward approach to data storage and works well for
    organizing data in a hierarchical folder structure, that desktop users are familiar with.

3) Block storage 
   
   is presented to compute nodes using high-speed fibre connections, which means that read and write speeds are typically much faster and reliable than with file storage,
    making block storage suitable for use with databases and other applications where disk
    speed is important.
    You typically provision block storage in ‘volumes’, which can then be mounted onto a compute node,
    which it then effectively sees as another hard drive.
    Volumes can normally only be mounted onto one compute node at a time.
    With both File and Block storage, you may also hear the term ‘IOPS’.
    IOPS stands for ‘Input/Output Operations Per Second’ and relates to the speed of
    the storage or to put it another way, how quickly data can be read from or written to
    the storage.
    We’ll cover this in a little more detail in a later video.
    Persistence is a term that is used when provisioning File or Block storage and relates to what
    happens to the storage once the compute node it is attached to is terminated.
    If the storage is set to ‘persist’ then it will not be deleted along with the compute
    node, meaning that it and its data are preserved and available to mount onto another compute
    node, though you will continue to pay for the storage.
    You can also, in some cases, set the storage so that it is automatically deleted with the
    compute node that it is mounted onto – in this case, as we know, it becomes Ephemeral
    Storage.
    Here, you will also stop paying for the storage but you will lose any data unless it is backed
    up somewhere.
    There are several ways to backup data in the cloud but one way to back up both File and
    Block storage is to take a Snapshot.
    As the term implies, this is a point in time image of the storage.
    Snapshots are usually fast to create (they don’t actually write any data, or rather
    they create metadata), don’t require downtime and subsequent snapshots record only changes
    to the data.
    They are great for returning storage to the way it was at a particular snapshot, though
    note, they cannot be used to recover individual files.

4) Object storage.
   
    This is a different type of storage in so much as it’s not attached to a compute node,
    rather it is accessed via an API.
    Of all the storage types, Object Storage is by far the cheapest and also the slowest in
    terms of read and write speeds, but it is infinite in size to the end user.
    Unlike File and Block storage where you provision a certain storage capacity and it fills up
    over time, with Object Storage you can keep adding files to it and it never fills up,
    you just pay for what you use.
    This makes Object Storage a fantastic repository for all sorts of unstructured data types,
    large and small, including documents, video, logs, backups, data from IoT, application
    binaries and virtual machine images.
    In the following videos, there will be more detailed information on the different types
    of storage.
    Cloud storage provides increased workflow and security.
